smarsa_BirthdaySpacings test
smultin_Multinomial test
sknuth_Gap test
sknuth_SimpPoker test
sknuth_CouponCollector test
sknuth_MaxOft test
svaria_WeightDistrib test
smarsa_MatrixRank test
sstring_HammingIndep test
swalk_RandomWalk1 test
smultin_MultinomialOver test
snpair_ClosePairs test
snpair_ClosePairsBitMatch test
sknuth_Run test
svaria_SampleProd test
svaria_SampleMean test
svaria_SampleCorr test
svaria_AppearanceSpacings test
svaria_SumCollector test
smarsa_Savir2 test
smarsa_GCD test
scomp_LinearComp test
scomp_LempelZiv test
sspectral_Fourier3 test
sstring_LongestHeadRun test
sstring_PeriodsInStrings test
sstring_HammingWeight2 test
sstring_HammingCorr test
sstring_Run test
sstring_AutoCor test
